Update Steps to array of objects (#3761)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/components/src/__future__/Workflow/_docs/Workflow.mdx

import { ArgTypes, Canvas, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { Installation, KaioNotification, ResourceLinks } from "../../../../../../storybook/components"
import * as Workflow from "./Workflow.stories"
import * as WorkflowFooter from "./WorkflowFooter.stories"
import * as WorkflowHeader from "./WorkflowHeader.stories"

<Meta title="Pages/Workflow" />

# Workflow

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Workflow"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

> 

Reviewer: Might want to pop an info in here to tell people that if they're running [insert older version] of KAIO where to find the docs. Just to make it complete 😄

import { ArgTypes, Canvas, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { Installation, KaioNotification, ResourceLinks,LinkTo } from "../../../../../../storybook/components"
import { InlineNotification } from "@kaizen/notification"
import * as Workflow from "./Workflow.stories"
import * as WorkflowFooter from "./WorkflowFooter.stories"
import * as WorkflowHeader from "./WorkflowHeader.stories"

<Meta title="Pages/Workflow" />

# Workflow

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Workflow"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

> <InlineNotification type="cautionary" persistent>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InlineNotification type="informative" persistent>
```

I don't want this to blend with the KAIO notification, I think informative would be more appropriate anyways.

Author: True, the contrast is a little nicer on the eyes as well
![Screenshot 2023-06-20 at 5 00 58 pm](https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/assets/36558508/1579e173-02b7-498f-9f8e-0d13f4a255e2)

>   {`This is the latest version of the Workflow component. If you are using "@kaizen/components" at 1.16.0 or lower, please refer to our legacy documentation.`} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {`If you are using "@kaizen/components" at 1.16.0 or lower, please refer to our `} <LinkTo pageId="pages-workflow-legacy">legacy documentation.</ LinkTo>
```
Everything is always "the latest version" 😉

Reviewer: Also don't forget to import:
```
import { LinkTo } from "../../storybook/components/LinkTo"
```

Author: Actually had issues with the MDX renderer when I tried to use LinkTo as a child InlineNotification within MDX
![Screenshot 2023-06-20 at 5 03 52 pm](https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/assets/36558508/31211daf-9ce0-4c10-b9a4-46faa6da13d0)
I also tried just adding in anchor tag, but doesn't work too well either since the styles are inconsistent.

Author: That said looking at the KaioNotification it looks fine if you create the component outside of the MDX

Reviewer: Oh interesting, never mind then. I'll make a ticket to create a component.

Author: Yeah its an odd one, I assume the MDX parser has some issues Storybook's LinkTo component. I also tried the function `linkTo` to see if I could attach it to a button, but didn't have much luck with that either.
